Clarify RUM Event type specific attributes vs default (#9349)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/data_collected.md

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/data_collected/resource/resource_metric.png" alt="Resource Metrics"  >}}

> ## Resource Timing Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Resource timing metrics
```

| `resource.first_byte.duration` | number (ns)    | Time spent waiting for the first byte of response to be received (responseStart - RequestStart)                                           |
| `resource.download.duration`   | number (ns)    | Time spent downloading the response (responseEnd - responseStart)                                                                         |

> ## Resource Attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Resource attributes
```

[Long tasks][1] are tasks that block the main thread for 50 milliseconds or more. They may cause high input latency, delayed time to interaction, etc. Understand what causes these long tasks in your browser performance profiler.

> ## Long Task Timing Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Long task timing metrics
```

## Custom User Actions
Custom User Actions are User Actions declared and sent manually via the [`addUserAction` API][3]. They can send information relative to an event occurring during a user journey, for example, a custom timing or customer cart information.

> ## Action Timing Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Action timing metrics
```

## Default attributes

> Each of these five event types have the following attributes attached by default. So you can use these regardles of the type of RUM Event you are querying for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these event types has the following attributes attached by default. So you can use them regardless of the RUM event type being queried.
```
